Moves and Abilities covers the Basic Moves, the Special Moves, and the Passive Abilities of every Pokemon.

Basic Moves:
Tackle: Tackles the opponent.
Bite: Bites the opponent.
Vine: Strikes the opponent with a vine. (Roll Grass Damage)
Tail: Strikes the Opponent with a tail.
Claw: Strikes the Opponent with a claw
Wing Attack: Strikes the Opponent with a wing.
Gore: Pierces the Opponent with a horn or similar appendage.

Special Moves:
Rapid Spin: Removes Entry Hazard and AOE Debuffs in 10 Ft. Area
Water Pulse: High Pressured Water Ball, chance of deafen and Stun, Sonic Damage
String Shot: Entangles Enemy
Harden: Defense Boost
Confusion: Telekinesis, Psychic Damage, chance at Stun
Whirlwind: Pushes Back, possible Knock Down
Bug Buzz: Sonic Damage, Chance at Confusion
Quiver Dance: Boosts Speed, Dexterity, Power Resistance, and Damage
Feather Dance: Slows Opponent
Agility: Casts Haste
Air Slash: Chance to stagger
Mirror Move: Copies Last Attack
Twister: Chance of Flinch
Hurricane: Chance of lifting opponent based on user's Str.
Hyper Fang: Increases Crit Chance
Super Fang: Crit Damage x4
Pursuit: AOO where a Pokemon trying to escape is intercepted
Aerial Ace: Always deals damage
Leer: Causes Frightened
Drill Run: High Crit Chance
Sky Dive: Flies higher than most Pokemon can achieve and drops onto target, dealing fall and peck damage
Screech: Stuns
Acid: Chance of Blinding
Gunk Shot: Chance of Poisoning
Glare: Paralyzes Opponent
Coil: Raises Atk, Spe, and Sp. Atk.
Thundershock: Chance of Stun
Thunder Wave: Paralyzes Opponent
Discharge: Hits surrounding Pokemon with Elecrticity
Double Team: Increases Dodge Chance
Magnitude: Roll d10 to determine Damage
Defense Curl II: Improves rollout damage and defense


Passives:
Powder Variety:  Powder Moves apply both Poison and Stun, replaces all Powder based moves with “Powder,” upgrades to Powder Variety II at Pokemon's Evolution.
Spore Radiation: Opponent's within One Square have Poison Applied, upgrades to Spore Radiation II at Pokemon's Evolution.
Compound Eyes: 360 Degree Vision, Dark Vision
Leech Life: Bites Drain Health
Seemingly Harmless: Roll a bluff check, if failed opponent loses evasion for one turn
Shed Skin: Loses Status Effects after rotation
Rage: A Pokemon can Rage as a Barbarian of as many levels as the Beedrill has hit dice
Twin Needle: Can Attack Twice in one move with Arms
Poison Sting: Gore has chance of Poisoning
Poison Sting II: All Attacks have chance at Poisoning
Fell Stinger: Increases attack when opponent is felled
Sniper: Increases Crit Damage
Fortification: Prevents Sneak Attacks, Flank Attacks, and chance to ignore critical
Withdraw: Hides in Shell for Defense Boost
Aqua Tail: Tail Attack can now roll for water damage
Skull Bash: Tackle does more damage
Aqua Jet: Upgrades to Aqua Jet II, Wartortle's Rapid Spin gets a water attack bonus
Pinball Shell: Upgrades to Pinball Shell II, Wartortle's Rapid Spin can now hit initial target and two more within one square
Aqua Jet II: Rapid Spin now gets a Damage Boost and Knockdown
Pinball Shell II: Now hits 3 Targets (chance of 4) plus Initial, causes stagger.
Solar Power: When the sun is out power increases
Heated Smoke: Smokescreen now does minor Fire Damage, upgrades to Heated Smoke II
Murky Smoke: Smokescreen is Low Light Vision Immune, upgrades to Murky Smoke II
Heated Smoke II: Smokescreen now does regular Fire Damage
Murky Smoke II: Smokescreen cannot be seen through or ignored
Slash: Claw Moves more power
Scary Face: Intimidate Gets a bonus
Flying: This Pokemon Can take to the skies!
Metal Claw: Penetrate Bonus
x Vines: How many Vines this Pokemon can work with
Synthesis: Naturally Heals over time
Giga Drain: When Contacted by Pokemon's Appendage, health is leeched
Powder Boost: Powder effects increase
Building a Fucking Space Ship with Minimal Pieces: Exclusive to Clefairy and Clefable. They can build a space ship out of innucuous materials




